okay so today we're gonna be unboxing a
product that isn't really all that new
but it has something new about it so you
see this little sticker that they've put
on the box here new bind all 15 buttons
without leaving the game available off
patch 3.2.2 or later so when this
product was first released it wasn't
actually fully compatible with the game
now it is completely integrated to the
game so that you can take any action
that you can perform in the game and you
can bind it directly to a button before
it used to be that SteelSeries had it
set up so that when you press the button
it would execute a small macro so that
meant that it would actually like kind
of type a command in whereas now it's
integrated directly into the world of
warcraft game engine so that it's
seamless okay so here we can see the
mouse itself laid in with some gold and
not oh no dragon jewels or whatever and
then up here they show a quick preview
of the interface for configuring the
mouse itself now that would obviously be
the old interface now that the mouse can
be configured within the game okay so
let's get this box open if I can figure
out how to do it I think it opens down
here yep there we go okay so we undo the
the gold and then we have a small
plastic sheath over the mouse itself now
I do want to I can get the most to come
out of there yeah there we go okay I
want to have a look at the accessories
that are included first though as per my
usual thing so not a whole lot as you
can see in terms of accessories it's
pretty bare down there but what we do
have is a World of Warcraft MMO gaming
mouse Quick Start Guide so basically
they tell you to go to SteelSeries comm
/downloads get the latest drivers that's
what i always recommend anyway I don't
even like seeing a driver disk in the
box because you shouldn't be using it
they tell you how to configure the mouse
they show you all the default
assignments for the buttons auto run
last hostile stop all nearest enemy all
that kind of Wow terminology that I
would know if I played that game which I
don't
all right so here we have a nice
beautiful braided cord that's really
nice so it won't won't get caught on
stuff you can see it's quite shiny then
it's a little bit slippery so that if
you are tugging on it it will slip past
whatever obstacles are in your way
so let's have a quick look at the
ergonomics of the WoW Mouse itself so
you can see that it is a symmetrical
Mouse so you can use it as either a
lefty or a righty but on the one side
you've got a layout that is obviously a
little bit better suited for a thumb
okay so you got your four buttons here
and then this would be forward back for
your browser or you can configure it to
whatever you want in-game and then on
the other side for your pinky is only
two buttons
okay so then on the top of the mouse you
have another one two three four five six
seven and one thing that's cool about
the well Mouse is there's actually
lighting in between these little sort of
overlapping Armour bits here that you
can configure to whatever color you want
now this would it be a complete Wow
Mouse unboxing without a quick look at
it versus the Razer Naga MMO Mouse but
actually one more thing before we stop
is I wanted to have a look at the huge
slippy pads on the bottom of this Mouse
the slippy pads what am i calling them
these are Teflon pads and that's going
to enable you to have a really good
gliding experience no matter what kind
of surface you're using it on so here it
is against the Naga which is kind of a
similar sort of idea for a mouse it is
an MMO gaming mouse but they do take
slightly different approaches where the
WoW Mouse integrates directly into the
game in terms of assignment the Naga can
only be assigned to the one two three
the number keys across the top of the
keyboard or the number pad so you have
to press a little button and those are
the only keys that can be bound to at
this time they also take very different
approaches in terms of the button
layouts and the ergonomics so the
SteelSeries mouse is for lefties or
righties whereas the Naga would be
extremely uncomfortable if you were to
try to use it with a left head now the
buttons are kind of accessible from all
your different fingers on the MMO Mouse
whereas on the Naga it's pretty much
only your thumb which uses this number
pad on the side
and your index finger that's where
you're going to be hitting most of the
buttons on the mouse from so thank you
for checking out my unboxing of the
SteelSeries
world of warcraft MMO gaming mouse